two things bugged me this week the first
was a comment or a group of comments I
should say but I received on a video
which I'm going to talk about in a
minute
the second thing to bug me is that last
week I was practically bedridden with
illness and the best bit that is it was
all my own fault because I had too
spectacular idea of having four extra
strong caffeinated energy drinks in the
space of 24 hours I should add that I
have a minor caffeine intolerance which
I've been fully aware of my entire life
if you've ever been a member of the over
caffeinated Club you may have some kind
of idea of what happened next because my
bowels for the next three days became a
science fair recreation of the eruption
of Mount Vesuvius duty on top of that
the current temperature here is a
chipper 100 degrees Fahrenheit it's May
the hottest month is August which is
three months away it's gonna get hot
this year right now I'm only wearing
makeup as an adhesive to prevent my skin
from melting off the bone and causing me
to go all Raiders of the Lost Ark on you
happy no mousse seriously
come August don't expect to see any
videos from me because it's about that
time that my face is epidermis becomes
an epidermis hmm so because we're
currently living three meters away from
the face of the Sun and moving ever
closer I got heatstroke
the day after my caffeine overdose so
let me paint a picture of how that we
played out for me heatstroke makes you
extremely lethargic and makes it very
difficult not to fall asleep but every
single chance you get so while my brain
was trying to retire to its sleepy
little comfy nest in the corner the
contents of my bowels were doing the
Macarena down my intestines so if you
haven't made the beautiful connection
yet what that means if you do
accidentally fall asleep you can
guarantee that you will not be wearing
the same color pants when you wake up
it's an illness combination that
requires focus determination all the
Simpson's flushable armchair after I
finally recovered from my internal
exorcism I was of course absolutely
thrilled until the point where I decided
to go a-wandering through the comment
section of one of my videos here is the
exact comment that I read shortly after
talking about the fact
been ill and here's the kicker because
this was not the only comment that
suggested it hmm
all right cool fair enough whatever uh
but just for the fun of it
should we have a quick biology lesson
now recent studies have discovered some
new and amazing things and these will
probably surprise some of you guys but
it turns out that it's actually possible
for a woman to be ill when she's not
growing a fetus
oh damn it again this is why women
always hide when they're and well we
haven't got a higher pain or suffering
threshold we just cannot be bothered
dealing with the rumors she's got the
sniffles
nope she's pregnant she caught pneumonia
there's a bun in the oven she broke both
her arms it's twins by the way the thing
I love about this comment is the last
line and the way it was kind of screamed
at me because I don't remember them
taking that approach in sex ed class
shall we be discreet about this shall we
inbox her privately with our concerns no
let's use CAF lotto that everybody she's
a comment
well thanks friend I would like to
confirm that I am NOT pregnant and test
was not required to figure this one out
it was just poo so for future reference
those of you who have laid in your life
which is pretty much everyone when a
lady has been unwell and you're
concerned for her that's fine be
concerned fair that's great it's
wonderful that you care but if you want
to ask her a personal question
emphasis on personal do it in private
away from everyone else and don't do it
in public Internet space because there
are only two outcomes to that one she's
gonna be embarrassed and you're gonna
end up with a shoe in an uncomfortable
place or two you're just going to make
yourself look silly and you best be
praying you look silly because the last
thing you want is an angry pregnant
woman hunting you down and turning up on
your doorstep with a great big can of
hormones and a pair of six-inch heels so
let this be a lesson for all of you let
it enlighten your lives and guide you on
your
hack and let's all just ignore the fact
that I spent the first half of this
video talking about my poo hey guys
thank you so much for watching this
video if you enjoyed it don't forget to
leave a thumbs up and share it with your
friends over on Facebook and Twitter so
they can to be enlightened also don't
forget you can find me over on Twitter
and Instagram the links are down below
in the description box of this video hit
the subscribe button if you haven't
already or I will come at you with a
pair of six-inch heels and until next
time bye this is my life